hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be sharing an autumn lookbook with you
but slightly different to how I usually
film these videos I've decided to do a
voiceover so this first outfit is one
that I've been wearing a lot this season
so everything is from spartina here the
shirts and the culottes and then I am
also wearing a black bows grant you may
have from accessorize
[Music]
a mum told me to laugh for this clip and
it was very very awkward laughing to
myself in the mirror
[Music]
as you can see I also decided to wear
white and brown brakes with the speck
[Music]
so for my second outfit I am wearing
this beautiful red carlisle knit jump it
is actually freezing outside I actually
got this jumper from eBay and I will try
to link it down below if they still sell
it and I just had this with my Jack
Wills pleated skirt this tweed scrunchie
[Music]
and also again my pair of brown brakes I
really like this outfit because it's
quite Christmasy so it makes me feel
excited and festive okay let's go inside
because it is cold
[Music]
okay so this next outfit is one which
requires my mum's oversized orange
jumper this jumper is from fat-faced I
believe and I'm just wearing the same
culottes this really beautiful autumn
print shirt from Jack Wills
and again my brown brakes
[Music]
so this mix-up that uses the same
cardigan as I showed earlier but I'm
also wearing this Johnny B shirts
underneath so it's basically the same
look as you just saw with the same skirt
from the same shoes but I this is if
it's slightly colder and I want to wear
a top underneath the cardigan
[Music]
so this next outfit of course utilizes
my beautiful yellow rain hat from Jules
this is such an autumn essential I love
wearing it when it rains and I'm also
wearing these trainers of my sisters
this lovely jump from Abercrombie
which is a moose not arraigned s so it
counts as autumnal and not Christmas Eve
I'm also wearing this denim skirt from
Bowden and this knit polo from H&M
[Music]
so this next outfit is more casual I'm
wearing these trousers from Jules this
knitted jumper with a shark collar
attached and also this oversized laser
coat so I'm wearing the same shot as I
was before the first look and as you can
see I really struggled to put the ribbon
around the shirt collar here and I
decided to pair this with this Miss
patina pinafore dress and also this
scrunchie which I believe my parents got
me from and other stories
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
so this next outfit I think of it's a
tiny bit more formal so I am wearing
this top from the white company with my
beautiful Miss patina cat skirt and
these desert boots of my mum's and as we
were filming Lona just ran off with
something random from the utility room
so I had to run and get that off her I'm
also wearing these lovely lovely antler
Clips which I am wearing pretty much
everyday these are more Christmasy but I
just love them so much that I've been
wearing them so much this'll Tim
[Music]
I'm also wearing my new favorite coat so
this is my mom's she got it from a
vintage fat
[Music]
and then finally we have the final look
which again is one that I've been
wearing a lot this winter
[Music]
this is one of my favorite items at the
moment I've won it so much this autumn
and this is from Miss patina but I did
buy it secondhand on D pop I think it
was like 12 or 15 pounds which is really
reasonable I'm also wearing this black
top which I wear all the time I actually
own three of these tops because I
weather maybe every other day they're my
favorite staple thing to wear but I've
got these boots from hmm these are eight
pounds and they're faux leather these
are also boys ones like the kids boys
ones
you
[Music]